# OperatingPlatforms

The Gaming Room was a client that wanted a game called "Draw It Or Lose It" to be turned into a web-based multiplayer game that could span across multiple platforms. It needed to allows multiple users to log in, be scalable, only have on instance running at a time, and a few other things. When working on this, I made sure to create a clear outline of what needed to be done. Having this outline and the architecture figured out allowed me to work effectively to solve problems. I made good use of the singleton pattern to manage the game state as well to ensure only one instance of the game was running at any given time. Making and working through the design document allowed me to be more orgainized when working on this project. It also allowed me to think about the work that was needing to be done as well as past work that I had completed. It was a tool that I could build on and reflect with. This created a smoother coding experience. 

If there was a peice of the document that I would revise, it would be the evaluation. This evaluation that I worked on is sort of a high level overview of the different systems. There is so much that goes into each one that these evaluations could have been much more detailed and precise. When it comes to following the ideas that the customer stated, I understood that the game needed to be simple to join, safe and secure, and fast enough to run on multiple platforms. These needed to be taken care of to help with customer satisfaction and user playability. Without these things being correct, the user retention would be low. In order to make this work, I had to figure out what was most important to do first, then find the correct way of creating that solution. In the future, story boards and backloging will be something that I utilize regularly. Knowing each task in its simplist form, and having an idea of what needs to be done first will help each of my future projects by helping me create smoother workflows. 
